ESEO Master's degree, Electronics, IT, Software Engineering Master’s Degree in Engineering at ESEO (Angers): Electronics, Information Technology, Embedded Systems. Option Computer Science.Activities and Societies: Junior Enterprise SEIO IT Quant - Equities HSBC Global Banking and Markets - Design and architecture of a large-scale risk analysis IT process for counterparty credit risk (CCR) regulatory reporting - Performance optimization campaigns of the equity derivatives pricing library in C++ - Grid computing performance optimization: metrics analysis, aggregation, and reporting - Advanced C++ contributions and counselling, development of in-house libraries, template metaprogramming - Development process improvements: Continuous Integration process setup, source code management (transition to git) Guest Lecturer - C++ Université Paris-Dauphine Teaching the course "Introduction to C++" to students of Dauphine Master 203 - Financial Markets (http://www.master203.com/) C++ Programmer Societe Generale Corporate and Investment Banking - SGCIB - Maintenance of a regulatory risk calculation and reporting system for fixed income derivatives. - The system is heterogeneous and components are written in C++ (legacy and modern), C#, and Oracle PL/SQL. - Assistance and training of other programmers in the team, either more junior or more finance-specialized, on C++ specific issues - Whole system optimization: look for weak points, orchestrate long-term architectures changes for making room both for tactic and strategic optimization under a constant load increase Software Engineer Applidget - Maintenance and development of a wide portfolio of iPhone and iPad applications in Objective-C. - Follow-up on bugs and user reports, usability and user experience optimization. - Management of application releases and relations with the Apple App Store. Software Engineer - C++ Murex - Maintenance and development of the Equity Derivatives module of the Murex Platform. - Working with strong performance constraints in a legacy codebase. - Technical counseling in a highly business-oriented team. - Refactoring and design of large software components, including FLEX, the third-party API. Internship - J2EE Developer Sopra Steria - Participation in the development of France Telecom’s command management system. - Specification writing, integration and unit testing. Complete rewrite of a legacy system originally written with CGI and a set of bash and perl scripts into a Java EE application with interactive visualizations using Javascript. Internship - C#/C++ Proof of Concept Developer Alcatel-Lucent Development of features in the communication software My Instant Communicator ; Portage of the GUI from WinForms to WPF ; Portage of a phone firmware based on Qt to Windows. Work in a research team responsible for testing and evaluating potential technologies to use for future software projects. Organization of technical demos and training of development team members. C++ Java Boost C# ASP.NET MVC 
