Senior Engineering Manager Criteo 2nd line management position, 4 teams, 20 devs. Responsible of new Facebook integration, from A to Z or in another words from scalability to ML. Building from scratch the dev team: ►From 2 to 20 dev in a year. ►Hiring Manager, deeply involve in recrutement topic. ►Structure teams. Promote managers. ►Definition of the new office. Building from scratch the Solution: ►Start on an alpha with FB on on their new technology (WCA/DPA). ►Now 4000 Clients in less that a year of roll out. ►Perfect scalability, Strong ML performances. Tech: C#, Java, Hadoop Engineering Program Manager Criteo Program management for the whole Palo Alto R&D department. Main tasks: ►Roadmap building ►Project definition and management ►Teams and projects synchonization ►Bridge between Product team and R&D. -Distant facilitator. Facilitate distant work between Palo-Alto office and Paris headquarter. Engineering Manager Criteo Responsible of all applications of Machine Learning in Criteo. ► 2nd line management position, Manage 3 teams, around 20 devs, each of them manage by their dev leads. ► Scope of Responsibility : ⇨⇨ Product recommendation team ⇨⇨ Search retargeting solution team ⇨⇨ Feature selection team, responsible of building all ML models at Criteo. ► Generate +11% gross ex-TAC, with 2 major improvements. Where : Engine department Main Focus : Lead, Manage and Mentor :) Lead Software Development Engineer Criteo ► Leading a team in data department, up to 18 people. ► Support outsourced resources (USA and Romania). ► Work on search retargeting, behaviour retargeting and sociodemo prediction for online advertising. ► Building a solution from scratch, in an iterative research mode process, Always open to the more newest suitable technologies (C# with Memcaches, SOLR, RabbitMQ, Hadoop (Pig, Hive). Tech : Big Data (hadoop, pig, hive), SOLR, C#. Mgt: Agile, recruting interview, review. Where : Data department Integration Consultant Murex Provide support on MxG2000 and MXIII, more specifically on MXML exchange side (integration with 3rd party components and workflow management). Software Engineer Amadeus I had 3 positions : ★ A. Low fare search engine ★ ► Development and optimization on the new Low Fare Search Engines which retrieves lowest prices over multiple dimensions (calendar, Fare Family,…). Major time/performance constrains. ► Dev coordinator on a challenging project, adding a dimension of search: the officeID. ► Huge scalability work : algo optimisation + code optim. ► These products are used world-wild intensively: 35.000.000 Transactions per Day. Tech: dev in C under Linux. Mainly Algo and optimisations. ★ B. mid/back office integration in UI. ★ ► Integration of Mid-office functionalities (invoicing, payment) in the F.O. in a multi-cultural environment. ► Responsible of Design and Architecture for the team. ► Involved in major projects for TUI, AREA/FTB and Amex clients, for spec and development. ► Take part of a high pressure rescue operation (last 2 months in Germany), tester-driven dev. ► Lead 3 software engineers autonomously for a cross team development project during 6 months. ⇨ ⇨ Front end: Design and development on the several websites, based on our own in-house AJAX framework (JavaScript, HTML/CSS/XSLT/XML for the display, C++ for the communication DLL). Worked on specification, code quality improvement, and performance measurement processes. ⇨ ⇨ Back end: Design and development of our components (J2EE EJB under Jboss and Weblogic). Tech:javascript, J2EE (under JBoss and Weblogic), C++. ★ C.Ticket printing. ★ Worked on printing solutions for travel agencies (Around 45.000 agencies connected) for 1 year. ► Maintaining servers and clients. ► Dev on IP Printing. ► Dev on several migrations and market aquisitions. I have learn a lot on production rules, reliability of servers softwares and usability of clients softwares. Tech:C, C++, VC++ (with or without MFC). C C++ JavaScript Hadoop Solr Memcached C# NUnit Agile Project Management Linux Hudson J2EE XSLT SQL Optimization Retargeting Behavioral Targeting Pig Hive search retargeting Team Management Team Mentoring Team Leadership Algorithms Java Enterprise Edition Scalability Big Data Java Agile Methodologies Software Engineering Software Development Scrum 
