Ecole Nationale Supérieure d'Informatique et de Mathématiques Appliquées de Grenoble Engineer's Degree, Computer Science, Major  Ecole Nationale Supérieure d'Ingénieurs Electriciens de Grenoble Engineer's Degree, Computer science, Automation, Robotic, Electronic, Electrotechnic  Senior Software Engineer Criteo Design and development of features for the backend platform of Criteo Email, a big-data platform for real-time email retargeting. Technologies : - Java - Cassandra, Redis - Storm - Kafka - Chef Architect & Senior Software Engineer Purch (ex BestOfMedia group) Working on the platform serving Tom's Guide & Tom's Hardware web sites. Development of software bricks on different layers of the stack with various technologies : - Java / Spring / Mongodb / HornetQ - Chef / Python / boto / AWS cloud - PHP / Symfony / mysql / Stomp - Android mobile app. - Applying Agile methodology, TDD, BDD & continuous delivery. Supervising architecture aspects of the platform on frontend side from browser to middleware. Transformation of a legacy monolithic platform into a SOA architecture based on web services and asynchronous messaging. Managing performance questions : - handle a traffic of 2 millions unique visitors and 50 millions hits per day. - insert and monitor metrics in code to detect and fix bottlenecks. - optimize traffic flows with reverse proxies, local cache policies, geolocalization and Akamai CDN. Migrating the complete infrastructure serving public traffic and internal applications from bare metal into Amazon cloud. Set up policies regarding vpc networking, security and monitoring. Creating devops tools on top of AWS API and Chef to manage provisioning, automatic deployment of our application. Technical Leader Yahoo! In France : Senior developer on European "Local Search" web sites. Improvements of data processing and securing of the back-end platform. Technologies : PHP, Java, Oracle.   Relocation to Sunnyvale, CA in Yahoo! headquarters : Architect and technical leader on components developed by European team for Global Local Search project. Technologies : Java and Yahoo! specific products. Developer STMicroelectronics Development of new software to automate, monitor the production system and improve production capacity. Manage end-to-end project including developing the server side, coaching of a development team for client-side integration, training of clean rooms operator and production managers, reporting KPI to upper management. Technologies : * Industry standards (CellWorks, VFEI, SECS/GEM) * C, Java J2EE, Oracle Developer Vi TECHNOLOGY Developing a GUI to pilot a camera embedded in a soldering process inspection hardware using C++ and MFC technologies. Technical recruiter / Co-founder  Creation of a recruitment consulting firm for IT & microelectronic industry. Developer Orange Business Services (ex Silicomp) Contractor for : EDF : full object-oriented project using C++, Versant object database and Rational Rose's modelling. Schneider Automation : developing components for an IDE dedicated to automation softwares. C++, Microsoft MFC & COM technologies. Java PHP Agile Methodologies MySQL Architecture Scalability Web Services Amazon Web Services (AWS) Continuous Integration Software Engineering Web Standards Apache Linux Git Tomcat Test Driven Development Unix J2EE Oracle JUnit Open Source Search Android C++ Scrum Symfony Varnish Memcached Akamai Python Chef DevOps SEO MongoDB Mobile Applications SOA REST Databases Java Enterprise Edition 
