EPITA: Ingénierie Informatique   Software Engineer Criteo  Performance & Software Engineer OCTO Technology Information system consulting in Banking-Finance sector Software engineer Credit Agricole CIB C# development and software architecture (Silverlight, Spring) Performance analysis and tuning (NHibernate, SQL Server) Continuous integration management (TFS, ATDD with Fitnesse tool, TDD) JAVA/.NET/C Technical Leader   .NET Technical Leader Credit Agricole CIB Credit granting and credit authorization database applications refactoring. # Architecture designing and foundation development of the two applications: Silverlight 4.0 stateless applica- tions based on a service oriented architecture (WCF web services and Spring.NET services), data access layer on NHibernate/Fluent NHibernate, continuous integration on TFS (MSTest and Silverlight automated testing frameworks), acceptance testing on Fitnesse. # Agile management of offshore business developments (Singapore): daily meetings, backlog management, planning poker, retrospectives. # Technical support of Singapore based developers: critical and complex bug solving, training on the project software architecture and best practices. .NET Software Architect Thomson Reuters Design of the new architecture for the C++ to C# migration of EIKON software. # Architecture design of the financial widgets on .NET 4.0 (C#/WPF): plugin based architecture (MEF) event-based core engine, MVVM pattern on the UI layer. # TDD and pair-programming development with business analysts of a financial widget prototype (currency swap) JAVA Software engineer Natixis Web application of marketing reports generation. # Development of the 3-tier web application on Spring MVC (SpringRoo) with BIRT for reports generation. JAVA Software engineer ING Direct France Development of the web-services layer for the iPhone application. # Development of the Web Services layer: refactoring of the former architecture (migration from MQ Series to Spring WS). # Automated testing of web services with unit testing framework (JUnit) and functional/integration, load and performance testing on soapUI. JAVA Software engineer Societe Generale Migration of the suspense account management application. # Migration from Powerbuilder to JAVA Swing: - UI layer based on Swing, Jide and JDAF frameworks (MVC pattern with binding); - Service layer built on Spring and JAVA Reflection; - Data access layer built on Hibernate - Use of continuous integration tools: automated unit testing of all layers (JUnit, DbUnit), build and deployment management on Maven, SVN. # Project run under Agile methodologies: XP (pair-programming), scrum. JAVA Software engineer AXA Group Solutions Performance and load testing of Cleva insurance software. # Recording and simulation of scenarios defined with business analysts on NeoLoad to highlight quick-wins on the application (client-server communication optimization). Architect Societe Generale Technical and functional assesments of the 14 most critical applications for FICC & GED IS restructuring. # Audit of JAVA, .NET, PowerBuilder and Mainframe applications through workshops with application leaders. # Analysis of quality KPI retrieved from CAST tools. # Result restitution to the top management. Internship in IS Architecture and Management OCTO Technology The goal of this internship was to produce a study on several Enterprise Architecture frameworks: IT referentials, architecture methodologies, technical debt, agility. The study was based on Zachman, TOGAF, Praxeme, FEA and DoDAF frameworks. Internship in Software Engineering (C#) SGCIB I was in charge of the development of a monitoring tool (functional and technical KPIs) for trading applications (derivaties). Through this internship I worked on the following technical subjects: - C#/WinForms on .NET 2.0, PerfMon, Reflection, .NET Remoting - As well as developing architecture skills: OO design patterns, multi-threading patterns, refactoring. TDD Continuous Integration Agile Methodologies Java Enterprise Edition Architecture Performance Tuning Spring Test Driven Development Python C# Parallel Programming Silverlight .NET Java Scrum Maven Enterprise Architecture Unit Testing Software Engineering Microsoft SQL Server Software Development Hibernate Web Services Object Oriented Design 
