
Alaa Abi Haidar
Paris Area, France
Researcher at BNF/UPMC/CNRS (seeking Senior Data Scientist position)
alahay@alahay.org - 0666735029

Summary
Artificial intelligence
clustering
classification
statistics
Data mining
Text mining
named entitiy recognition
Unsupervised leanrning
Supervised learning
Machine learning algorithms
Teaching undergraduate students and master students
Temporal models
Probabilistic models
Predictive models
photography
big data
experimental work in information extraction
R
python
programming
creative
biological systems
artificial immune systems
also studied theoretical immune systems
agent based modeling
doctoral degree

Experience
Researcher at BNF
September 2014 - Present (3 months)

I am following up on our research on named entity recognition, analysis and visualisation of
massive amounts of recently digitised structured and unstructured texts. We have already



developed several supervised and unsupervised methods that tackle this problem. We are currently
testing and evaluating their performance and scalability while pioneering crowd-sourcing methods
for massive annotations.

Postdoctoral Researcher at UPMC - Sorbonne Universities
October 2012 - Present (2 years 2 months)

- Supervised and Unsupervised Data Mining, Machine Learning and Information Extraction (Named
Entity Recognition and Event Mining) with several partners:

- Bioliterature Mining from PubMed, Gene Ontology and the Immune Literature for parametric
extraction and systems biology modeling in collaboration between I2D3 at Hopital
Pitie-Salpetriere/CNRS and ACASA at LIP6 (Paris 6).

- Named entity recognition and disambiguation of recently OCR-ised / digitized newspapers from
the 19th and 20th century for indexing and reading enhancement in collaboration with the
Bibliotheque Nationale de France (BnF) and Europeana Newspaper in collaboration with the LiP6
of Paris 6.

- Named entity recognition and e-reading enhancement with several Editors and Publishers such as
LE ROBERT, NATHAN, JOUVES, TRALLALLAIRES on a project called LOCUPLETO that is in
collaboration with the LiP6 in Paris 6.

- Named entity recognition and minimal semantic and stylistic anaylsis of French Literature on the
Labex Obvil project.

- Named entity recognition and social recommendation of Manga (Japanese Comics) for the
iManga project with Actialuna that is in collaboration with the LiP6 in Paris 6.

I have proposed 7 projects to 12 UPMC Masters students on the aforementioned topics and worked
closely with them on their completion. We especially deal with developing new algorithms that we
compare to state-of-the-art methods on publicly available data or data that we create ourselves.
Our results are published (see CV).

Postdoctoral Fellow at CNRS - Centre national de la recherche scientifique
September 2011 - Present (3 years 3 months)

Supervised and Unsupervised Data Mining, Machine Learning and Information Extraction (Named
Entity Recognition and Event Mining) with several partners:

- Bioliterature Mining from PubMed, Gene Ontology and the Immune Literature for parametric
extraction and systems biology modeling in collaboration between I2D3 at Hopital
Pitie-Salpetriere/CNRS and ACASA at LIP6 (Paris 6).



- Named entity recognition and disambiguation of recently OCR-ised / digitized newspapers from
the 19th and 20th century for indexing and reading enhancement in collaboration with the
Bibliotheque Nationale de France (BnF) and Europeana Newspaper in collaboration with the LiP6
of Paris 6.

- Named entity recognition and e-reading enhancement with several Editors and Publishers such as
LE ROBERT, NATHAN, JOUVES, TRALLALLAIRES on a project called LOCUPLETO that is in
collaboration with the LiP6 in Paris 6.

- Named entity recognition and minimal semantic and stylistic anaylsis of French Literature on the
Labex Obvil project.

- Named entity recognition and social recommendation of Manga (Japanese Comics) for the
iManga project with Actialuna that is in collaboration with the LiP6 in Paris 6.

I have proposed 7 projects to 12 UPMC Masters students on the aforementioned topics and worked
closely with them on their completion. We especially deal with developing new algorithms that we
compare to state-of-the-art methods on publicly available data or data that we create ourselves.
Our results are published (see CV).

Art Director at ALAgrApHY
December 2008 - Present (6 years)

Coffee painting and photography have always been a passion and I have been lucky to exhibit my
art in cozy coffee shops and restaurants, in prestigious galleries, hotels and museums, and private
lofts between the US and France.

My dream has always been to pass a message of peace and diversity, and to paint the tunnel I am
passing through with colors of happiness. Photography and coffee painting have allowed me to
reach many hearts into which I whispered my stories of peace and co-existence, however, the
moving image spoke even louder and was heard by the those who thought they know where they
were going.

I thank those who believe in a new world of peace and harmony and support our nonprofit projects
of arts and science.

PhD candidate, Associate Instructor, Research Assistant at Indiana University
January 2004 - May 2011 (7 years 5 months)

I have graduated with a PhD in Informatics (complex systems track) at Indiana University in May
2011. My dissertation titled "An adaptive document classifier inspired by T-Cell cross-regulation in
the immune system" (PDF below), discusses the development of a T-cell cross-regulation model



using agent-based modeling such that it can classify documents by recognize their textual features
that are analogous to populations of virtual antigens. Our method was tested on spam detection
and biomedical document classification and compared with traditional classifiers. The parameters of
our method were explored to study complex behaviours underlying T-cell dynamics.

For more information please consult our group page CASCI, visit PROF. LUIS M. ROCHA'S
RESEARCH PAGE or e-mail me.

My recent publications are listed in my VITAE.

Please refer to my vitae for more information on current and previous positions available at:
http://alahay.org/cv/cv.pdf

Research Assistant at Instituto Gulbenkian de Ciencia
2006 - 2010 (4 years)

Data Mining and Machine Learning at the FLAD collaboratorium for the summers between 2006
and 2010

Education
Indiana University Bloomington
PhD, Informatics, Complex Systems, 2006 - 2011

Indiana University Bloomington
Masters, Computer Science, 2004 - 2006

American University of Beirut
BS, Computer Science, 2000 - 2003
Activities and Societies: computer science

Honors And Awards
Best paper award at International Conference of Articial
Immune Systems (ICARIS 2010).
Winner of best poster at the 1st Portuguese Forum on Computational Biology (FPBC 2008)
Awarded internships at the Instituto Gulbenkian de Ci^encia (IGC) in 2006,
2007, 2008 and 2010.
Awarded Bursaries to attend AlifeX and ICARIS2010.
Awarded Postdoc Fellow by ISC-PIF from DIM



Interests
Computational, pure and social sciences, bio-inspired computing and arts, aesthetics, photography,
surrealism, conceptual art, foreign languages, dialects and accents, chocolate, wine



Alaa Abi Haidar
Paris Area, France
Researcher at BNF/UPMC/CNRS (seeking Senior Data Scientist position)
alahay@alahay.org - 0666735029



Dear CRITEO,  
  
I am a Postdoc at the Laboratoir d’informatique Paris 6 (LiP6) at Jussieu working on serveal supervised and 
unsupervised Data Mining and Machine Learning techniques for information extraction, namely, named 
entity recognition and text classification. 

● Click prediction. How do you accurately predict if the user will click on an ad in less than a 
millisecond? Thankfully, you have billions of datapoints to help you. 

We have developed forecasting techniques for spam detection that might me interesting for click prediction. 

● Recommender systems. A standard SVD works well. But what happens when you have to 
choose the top products amongst hundreds of thousands for every user, 2 billion times per day, 
in less than 50ms? 

One of the common solutions is using social recommendation such as that used by amazon for people with 
similar purchases or tastes. Many publications have explored this matter. 

● Auction theory. In a second­price auction, the theoretical optimal is to bid the expected value. 
But what happens when you run 15 billion auctions per day against the same competitors? 

Heuristic algorithms approximate the optimal incrementally. 

● Explore/exploit. It's easy, UCB and Thomson sampling have low regret. But what happens 
when new products come and go and when each ad displayed changes the reward of each arm? 

I have read about sampling methods but this is not my strong point, I confess. 

● Offline testing. You can always compute the classification error on model predicting the 
probability of a click. But is this really related to the online performance of a new model? 

Incremental learning is ideal in this situation, especially semi­supervised incremental algorithms that 
accommodate online data streams. 

● Optimisation. Stochastic gradient descent is great when you have lots of data. But what do you 
do when all data are not equal and you must distribute the learning over several hundred nodes? 

Parallel and distributed computing would be ideal. There are off­the­shelf solutions that make the state of the 
art.  
 
Are you interested in tackling such problems in an environment where your algorithms are deployed by a 
team that sits next to you? 
 
Definitely and even learn when necessary. 

Desired Skills and Experience 

To qualify for this mission, you need: 



 
I am highlighting the qualifications that I have or skills I master. 

  

● PhD in Statistics, Machine Learning or a related field, with a previous major in Computer 
Science. 

● Coding experience in Python, C# or Java. 
● Great oral and written communication and presentation skills. 
● A track record and interest in contributing to publications, presentations, external 

collaborations and service to the research community. 

 I would be very much interested in publishing patents as well 

 Preferred Skills: 

● Experience in the optimization of online advertising 

Cannot claim to have such an experience but willing to learn 

● Experience working directly with Hadoop data platforms. 

Minimal experience with Hadoop 

 


