
Alexander Demidenko
Software Developer

United Kingdom
H Tel: +44 7770 625-327

B Email: kibarabara@gmail.com

Keywords
Languages C/C++, R

OS Linux, MacOS, QNX, Windows
Frameworks PhAB, Qt

Modeling
Software

R, Matlab, Scilab

Areas Programming, Modeling, Math

Experience
Aug

2013-present
Geophysical Software Developer, ARK CLS LTD, Bedford, UK.
Working on various geophysical software; developing UI using Qt and implementing calculation algorithms;
designing applications architecture and solutions.

Mar 2013 -
Apr 2013

Software Developer, SecurityCode, Moscow, Russia.
I started as iOS/C++ maintainer/developer of secure VPN client. Made automatic-build environment for
building iOS client and closed several outstanding issues.

Mar 2012 -
Feb 2013

Software Developer, OJSC MTT, Moscow, Russia.
Initially I started as Desktop/Qt leader for MTT YouMagic client but after the first month I was asked
to temporarily join the iOS mobile team where I learned Objective-C and essentials of the iOS. There I
was contributing greatly to different parts of the mobile client and architecture solutions. Several months
later I picked back up Desktop/Qt leadership and started to maintain and manage small outsource team 2-5
people. As a result of our work YouMagic Linux Desktop client became a part of Linux ROSA distributive.
Along with completing this goal our team was able to successfully create releases for other platforms such as
Windows 7 and various Linux distributions.

Sep 2010 -
Oct 2011

Software Developer, ScienceSoft, Minsk, Belarus.
In 2010 I moved to Belarus and joined pretty big outsourcing company placed in Minsk. There I started as
C++ developer and started to learn Qt technology and became a big fun of it. Several months later I joined
growing Viber mobile client team and I’ve been porting sound engine from iOS into Android. Touched
NDK/JNI technologies and successfully accomplished porting. Later I was temporarily maintaining and
developing fTalk client and right after joined Viber PC team and started to work on Desktop client. I
was responsible for developing various parts of GUI client along with making improvements to existing
application engine.

Oct 2009 -
Aug 2010

Software Developer, Moscow Institute of Radiotechnics, Moscow, Russia.
In 2009 I moved to next company. There I was responsible for developing software that stood for visualization
of data and telemetry from custom-made hardware. Main stack of technologies was C/C++, QNX.

Jan 2008 -
Aug 2009

Software Developer, Moscow Institute of Space Device Engineering, Moscow, Russia.
Started in the beginning of 2008 as software developer in space industry. Met C/C++ languages and QNX.
Mainly I was working software that was retrieving and validating data from custom-made hardware.

Education
2002-2007 PhD, Moscow State Institute of Electronics and Mathematics, Moscow, Incomplete.
2002-2007 Engineer, Moscow State Institute of Electronics and Mathematics, Moscow.

Languages
English Fluent
Russian Native



	Keywords
	Experience
	Education
	Languages

