
Antonin Stefanutti
92, avenue de la République

75 011 Paris, France

+33 6 47 88 69 81
antonin@stefanutti.fr

linkedin.com/in/astefanutti
github.com/astefanutti
twitter.com/astefanut

Work Experiences

from Nov. 2010 Software Engineer and Lead Developer
to Date Murex, Paris, France

Lead developer of the connectivity middleware that enables the integration of
the Murex financial platform with market data providers – Bloomberg, Thomson
Reuters, Nasdaq OMX, ... – trading platforms – Tradeweb, MarkitWire, Trayport,
Intercontinental Exchange (ICE), ... – and market places – Eurex, London Metal
Exchange, ... Managing distributed development team (10 developers located in
Belarus, France, Lebanon, Romania). Presentation at Devoxx France 2014: Weld
and CDI extensions. Presentation at JavaOne 2014: Going further with CDI 1.2.
Technologies used are: Java SE, Java EE, CDI, JAXB, JAXP, JAX-RS, JMX, JNDI, JTA,
XA/2PC, XMLDsig, SSL/TLS, Weld, Infinispan, Netty, Spring framework, Spring integration,

Tomcat, Jetty, Apache Camel, Hawtio, HornetQ, ActiveMQ, WebSphere MQ.

from June 2008 Software Engineer and Lead Developer – French Ministry of Finance
to November 2010 Accenture, Paris, France

Lead developer and technical architect of the online revenue tax declaration service
(www.impots.gouv.fr) operated by the French Ministry of Finance. The online rev-
enue tax declaration service is a high volume transactional Web application (10M+
unique users over 2 months). Managing development team (6 developers) and evolu-
tion of several Java EE high trafficWeb applications. Designing and developing data
anonymization with user profiles classification to support complex and comprehen-
sive business logic test cases. Designing and developing near real-time monitoring
application with rich and highly interactive GUI to support production operation
of 600+ physical servers. Technologies used are: Apache HTTP Server, mod_jk, EJB,
EHCache, JBoss AS, JCE, JPA, JSP, JTA, Hibernate, Oracle DB, Oracle RAC, SSL/TLS, Spring

framework, Spring MVC.

from Sept. 2005 R&D Software Engineer
to Sept. 2007 Dassault Systèmes, Suresnes, France

Software engineer for the worldwide leading provider of Computer Aided Design
(CAD) and Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) solutions within the PLM in-
frastructure organisation. Implementation of the Process Modeler component in
C++, evolution of the open standard 3D XML, and contribution to 3D scene con-
struction for the 3D XML player.

from October 2004 Research Associate Intern – Department of Computer Science
to June 2005 University of Victoria, Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada

Research associate within the marsyas project (Music Analysis Retrieval and SYn-
thesis for Audio Signals) development team. Implementation in C++ of new fea-
tures extraction and real-time audio signal processing algorithms dedicated to su-
pervised machine learning music genre classification.


















Education

2003–2004 MSc. in Computer Science

Telecom ParisTech, Paris, France
Computer Science, Computer Graphics and Computer Audition

2002–2003 Telecom Bretagne, Brest, France

2000–2002 BSc. in Applied Mathematics – Department of Mathematics

University of Nantes, Nantes, France
Numerical Analysis, Finite Element Analysis, Optimization, Statistical Learning,
Distributed Computing, Data Visualization

Skills

Languages and Standards Java, C, C++, JavaScript, ActionScript, SQL, X/HTML, XML, CSS,
SVG, XMLDSig

Application Architecture Java EE, CDI, JMX, EJB, JNDI, JMS, JAX-WS, JAX-RS, JAXP,
JAXB, JTA, JPA, JCE, XA/2PC, Apache Camel, AspectJ, Spring,
Hibernate, EHcache, Netty, Flex

Execution Architecture JBoss AS, Wildfly, Apache HTTP Server, mod_jk, Jetty, Oracle DB,
Sybase, MySQL, Infinispan, WebSphere MQ, Active MQ, HornetQ

Development Architecture Git, Perforce, Maven, Ant, JUnit, Arquillian, Mockito, Cucumber,
Nexus, Hudson, Sonar

Tooling IntelliJ, Eclipse, Visual Studio .NET

Foreign Languages

French Native
English Fluent
Spanish Beginner





