
Page1

Aravind Rajendran
Senior Software Engineer at Digital Insight

Summary
Experienced software engineer with nine years of experience in new Software applications, services and tools
 development using Java/J2EE technologies. Experience in unit testing, support QA team during integration
 testing. Technical Support when required. 6 years of experience in REST Web services development. 6 years
 of experience is SOA technologies and environment. Effective team player.  Worked in a dynamic AGILE
 software development services team.  Followed Test driven development strategy.

Experience
Senior Software Engineer  at   Digital Insight
June 2015  -  Present (11 months)

Software Engineer R&D  at   Sony DADC
August 2012  -  May 2015  (2 years 10 months)

Working as a Software Engineer in the R&D division of Sony New Media Solutions Group.  At Sony am
 involved in building applications and tools to create and deliver digital media assets, create and enable
 delivery workflows, developing web services, Server virtualizations, migration of servers and applications
 between clouds. Maintain service application used by major Hollywood studios for online movie redemption
 by end users. Involved in development and bringing new products to market involving multiple global
 companies.   Streamline and automate operations. Unit testing, support QA team during integration testing.
 Technical Support when required.

Cognizant Contractor/ Services software engineer  at   Intuit
October 2009  -  August 2012  (2 years 11 months)

Part of the development team which developed re-usable banking services that can be accessed by the
 thousands of financial institutions for all banking transactions. The application provides a standard,
 lightweight, scalable solution to provide access to data and business services which enabled the company to
 create more financial products and user applications and impact the market in a short turnaround time.

Senior Associate  at   Cognizant Technology Solutions
October 2005  -  August 2012  (6 years 11 months)

New Software applications, services and tools development, application support.

Volunteer Experience
Volunteer  at   Habitat for Humanity International



Page2

Involved in day long effort in building up a home through an opportunity provided by Habitat for Humanity
 in Los Angeles.

Education
Anna University
Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.), 2001 - 2005



Page3

Aravind Rajendran
Senior Software Engineer at Digital Insight

Contact Aravind on LinkedIn



