
Ashwini Verma
San Francisco Bay Area
Tech Yahoo, Software Dev Eng, Sr at Yahoo

Summary
Solving Big Data Problems using Hadoop, Hive, Pig, Oozie, Druid, deriving useful insights on
 performance bottlenecks, user behavior and user experience.  Immense interest in Algorithms / Data
 Structures drove me to work extensively on linear programming to solve optimization problems in
 products and otherwise.  Designed and developed extensible and scalable applications for Web and
 Mobile.  Worked in large n small teams to design / develop enterprise products in myriad of domains
 viz. Internet, Storage, File Systems, Finance, CRM on Linux, AIX, Solaris using C, C++, Shell,
 Python, Perl, Java JEE  Specialties: Big Data, Algorithms, Data Structures, Linear Programming,
 Optimization, Scalable web apps, Android

Experience
Tech Yahoo, Software Dev Eng, Sr at Yahoo
April 2015  -  Present  (11 months)

Solving scalability problems as developer of Yahoo monitoring system, which ingests and indexes
 7 million events per second. Currently working to remove delay from monitored server to analytics
 dashboard.  Re-architected back-end tech stack of performance monitoring tool, replacing it with
 open-source Druid and reducing development effort and time to production. 

Tech Yahoo, Software Dev Eng at Yahoo
December 2013  -  April 2015  (1 year 5 months)

Designed and developed tool (named as RDL2App) to generate back-end server code to
 considerably reduce development effort, given design of REST end points in plain text files. The
 generated code was ready to be deployed in Yahoo cloud or standalone Jetty server. Generated
 code had all wiring in place with various yahoo services including back-end stores. RDL2App also
 generates basic unit tests using easy-mocks and interactive documentation using swagger. Among
 other teams Yahoo Membership was one big team to adopt this tool.  Developed big data analytics
 platform for mobile apps of Yahoo using Count-Min Sketch, Hadoop, Pig, Hive, Druid technologies.

Tech Lead at Yahoo!
February 2012  -  December 2013  (1 year 11 months)

Worked on performance problems and async programming for the back-end technology stack
 to scale to high Query-Per-Sec requirements of redesigned Yahoo Groups.  Developed generic
 security framework for minimizing XSS attacks.



Sr. Software Engineer at Symantec
November 2007  -  February 2012  (4 years 4 months)

Product : Server Foundation  Summary            Server Foundation is a project to integrate existing
 standalone products VCM (Veritas Configuration Manger) and VPM (Veritas Provisioning
 Manager) to better solve customer problems and more effectively compete in market place.
 VCM is a product to manage configurations of many high-end servers, which include discovery
 of softwares and hardwares installed on servers as well as detecting any patch installation/
uninstallations. VPM, Veritas Provisioning Manager automates administrative tasks associated with
 controlling, provisioning, and updating sophisticated, heterogeneous IT environments. These tasks
 include discovering and recording hardware and software inventory, provisioning servers, setting
 up networks and storage, setting up administrative and user access, and managing the IT life cycle
 for infrastructure resources.

Sr. Software Engineer at Symantec
November 2007  -  February 2012  (4 years 4 months)

Product : VPM-DSS  Summary            VPM-DSS is a transition project from VPM (Veritas
 Provisioning Manager) to DSS (Deployment Solution Solaris). Veritas Provisioning Manager:
 Veritas Provisioning Manager (VPM), previously VERITAS OpForce, automates server provisioning
 by discovering server hardware, installing operating systems, deploying and configuring
 applications, and modifying network settings on multiple servers simultaneously. Administrators
 quickly save configuration images on major operating systems and redeploy those images to
 servers as needed, eliminating configuration errors and reducing provisioning time. DSS is re-
implementation of VPM as a Solution upon SMP (Symantec Management Platform).

Sr. Software Engineer at SunGard
May 2006  -  November 2007  (1 year 7 months)

Product : PowerStation   Summary             PowerStation is a real-time, multi-channel, Web-
based broker/advisor workstation designed to provide investment professionals with all of the
 important tools they need to be successful. From contact and portfolio management to online
 trading, account access, financial planning, asset allocation, cross selling and market data
 services,PowerStation provides a single environment where brokers can access tools required
 for real-time contact management, financial planning and advice, market data and research,
 trading and portfolio management. It offers the benefit of rapid deployment with industry standard
 processing systems, such as SunGard's Phase 3 and others. As a result, brokers can be instantly
 connected to the SunGard Transaction Network to provide seamless, straight-through processing.

Member of Technical Staff at Persistent Systems
July 2004  -  May 2006  (1 year 11 months)

Product: TCRM 6.0  Summary          The business objective of this application (TCRM6) is to
 acquire, retain and make profitable business with customers by focusing on specific customer



 segments, targeting them with promotion campaigns using communications an d personalized
 messages. It analyses customer behaviour data made available to it in the customer data
 warehouse. It helps end user to identify potential and existing customers who are likely to respond
 to specific campaigns designed for them to maximize product sales and profitability.                    
 TCRM 6 is a Customer Relationship management application that allows its users to operate on a
 customer data warehouse an in an integrated framework.

Education
AIT
Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.), Computer Engineering, 2000 - 2004
Activities and Societies:  Music Club
University of Pune
BE, Computer Science, 2000 - 2004
Activities and Societies:  Music Club.



Ashwini Verma
San Francisco Bay Area
Tech Yahoo, Software Dev Eng, Sr at Yahoo

4 people have recommended Ashwini

"I have worked and managed Ashwini working in the product engineering team. Ashwini is a very
talented individual and a quick learner. He has a good technical aptitude and likes to take up
challenges. As a team player, he has always demonstrated willingness to help out in crises. He has
a good attitude to question issues if he is not convinced with his understanding. All in all, a great
asset for any team!"

—Harshad Joshi, Director Product Development,  SunGard Financial Systems,  managed Ashwini
at SunGard

"I know Ashwini since more than 2.5 years when I joined Symantec. Ashwini is a technocrat! Any
individual, company or group would love to work with him. He has an exellent knowledge and
expertise on web development, enterprise software edevelopment & mobile development on
different platforms/OSs such as Windows, Unix (Linux, Solaris), Android etc. He has a hunger for
learning more and more and he is extremely tallented, hardwroking & perseverance towards any
problem or work. Ashwini is always ready to take up the challenge and perform fabulously in difficult
times. Other than his technical skills, he is a nice human being who is helpful, simple and straght
forward. In short, for an organization or a group, he is an asset. -Vivek"

—Vivek Khandekar (CSM, CSPO), Sr. Manager Development,  Symantec,  managed Ashwini at
Symantec

"Ashwini is very good team player and solid technical leader. He is very quick in grasping things
and has to ability to work on complex problems with great ease. He is very proactive in making the
systems and their operations work better. Very Innovative in solving problems and with great ease
designs high performing scalable systems."

—Sudhir Reddy, Architect,  Flipkart.com,  managed Ashwini indirectly at Yahoo!

"Best term can be used to describe Ashwini is "nut-cracker". You give anything to him and he will
do it for you. It may be either reverse engineering of existing thing or learning a new technology.
This Java loving guy did not hesitate to learn even C++ within short time and excelled into his work



using that. Though C++ pointers bothered him a lot still he handled them well. It was nice to watch
enthusiasm and energy flowing around you when we were working together in same module."

—Omprakash Mishra, Sr. Principal Software Engineer,  Symantec,  managed Ashwini indirectly at
Symantec

Profile Notes and Activity (3)
1/22/2016—View by Abraham DIA

1/22/2016—Saved to "ENG PALO ALTO" by Abraham DIA

1/22/2016—InMail sent by Clémentine Daines (Accepted)


