
Byron  Stuart
Greater New Orleans Area
Director of Product Development at mumms software

Summary
Product Manager, Business Process Analyst, Web Application Developer and Software and Database
 Architect in a wide variety of business applications. My experience includes developing software for
 the mobile, medical, event ticketing and e-commerce markets. Particularly interested in data-driven
 web applications (both commercial and IT).

software and database architecture, web application development, software engineering, business
 process analysis, agile development, managing development teams with scrum, communications

Experience
Director of Product Development at mumms software
April 2013  -  Present  (2 years 2 months)

Lead Software Development Engineer at Microsoft
July 2008  -  March 2013  (4 years 9 months)

Development lead for MSN U.S. Global Market Delivery team. Responsible for development
 of features for U.S. MSN websites, such as Health, Lifestyle and Money. Using Agile software
 development methodologies - more specifically, Scrum, Test Driven Development and Pair
 Programming. Primarily using XSLT, XHTML, XML, CSS, Object Oriented JavaScript (including
 jQuery) and C# (including Silverlight). Responsible for the development of two onshore teams
 and two offshore teams (in China and India), as well as general engineering excellence of the
 development team (coding standards, code reviews, check-in policies, scrum process, etc.). I also
 work with Product Managers and partners (both internal and external) to define requirements,
 understand technical feasibility and architect the overall approach of projects.

Partner and Co-Founder at Hanuman Thai Cafe
January 2006  -  December 2012  (7 years)

• Created Business Plan and Operating Agreement for LLC • Review Monthly Financial Records •
 General Problem Solving

President at Savoy Swing Club
April 2007  -  March 2009  (2 years)

• Savoy Swing Club is a non-profit organization dedicated to preserving, educating and promoting
 forms of American Jazz dance (Lindy Hop and other Swing era dances) • Define overall vision



 and direction of club • General Manager of club operations • Create agendas and lead monthly
 meetings • Assist other board members with marketing, event planning and other activities

Technology Director (Consultant) at OgilvyAction
October 2007  -  February 2008  (5 months)

• Providing business technology analysis and recommendations to OgilvyAction Digital group,
 including application software, software development frameworks and network server architecture.
 • Implementation of SVN (Subversion Source Control) to maintain code and documentation for all
 group projects. • Implementation of the Trac bug tracking system. • Management of the ragu.com
 and feedourkidswell.com websites, including new feature development in ASP.NET and AJAX.
 • Weekly meetings with the Unilever IT staff, internal software developers and creative team to
 discuss new website features, technical problems and upcoming technology initiatives.

Director of Software Development at Neotix (Mercuity Software)
February 2004  -  January 2008  (4 years)

• Co-founded company and created company business plan. • Created project specifications
 and documentation through business process analysis and customer needs assessment. •
 Managed internal projects with offshore (Chinese) and onshore consultants. • Lead architect
 of event ticketing system software, including design and implementation of MS SQL database
 and numerous software features using Cold Fusion MX, JavaScript, ActionScript, T-SQL and C
++. • Designed and implemented customizable workflow-based user interface. • Designed and
 implemented ledger-based financial system within the ticketing software. This included financial
 processing and reporting for all transactions done within the system. • Designed and implemented
 “Best Available Offer” feature to allow customers to purchase and exchange tickets, automatically
 getting the best price based on current offers and qualifications. • Implemented C++ generated
 DHTML seat map, allowing users to select seats for performances.

Lead Software Engineer at Keynote Systems
November 2001  -  January 2003  (1 year 3 months)

• Created wireless (mobile phone) testing and benchmarking tools for carrier networks. •
 Worked with customers to document new feature requests and define software requirements. •
 Responsible for development and maintenance of Wireless Perspective website (ASP VBScript).
 • Architect of MS SQL database to store benchmarking data and manage test devices and
 scheduling. • Worked with other members of the development team to create Perl modules to
 control mobile phones connected to servers via standard serial and USB ports. • Developed XML/
XSLT/SVG reporting tool used to generate charts and graphs showing performance of scheduled
 tests. • Developed XML messaging gateway for distributed test nodes to receive new tests,
 according to a user specified schedule, and report test results.

Senior Software Engineer at onDevice
November 2001  -  November 2002  (1 year 1 month)



• Research and Development of applications for mobile phones (WAP and SMS). • Created MS
 SQL database and messaging gateway for mapping users and their mobile phones to other mobile
 phones on disparate carrier networks to facilitate inter-carrier SMS messaging. • Developed web-
based software with IIS and ASP (VBScript) to send messages between mobile phone carrier
 networks. • Created SMS and WAP testing tools in C++, XML and T-SQL to measure accuracy and
 timeliness of SMS message sending and receiving on multiple devices, including phones (Qualcom
 and Samsung), PDAs (Palm and Blackberry) and email software. • Company acquired by Keynote
 Systems, Inc.

Lead Software Engineer at Data Critical
April 2000  -  November 2000  (8 months)

• Development of WebChart, a complex, web-based medical record system, using ColdFusion
 4 and SQL Server. • Primary architect of the WebChart MS SQL database (over 200 tables and
 500 stored procedures). Performance tuning (clustering, normalizing, etc.) and data modeling. •
 Member of architecture/design team for the new, "Mobile" line of products. UML diagramming and
 data modeling, UI mock-ups and system prototypes in Dreamweaver. • Responsible for helping
 six development team members to complete their daily assigned tasks. • Project management,
 including time estimates and resource assignment. • Coding in HTML, JavaScript, CSS, Cold
 Fusion, T-SQL and Visual Basic. • Company acquired by GE Medical Corporation.

Senior Web Application Developer at Elixis
April 1999  -  March 2000  (1 year)

• Development of WebCoder 2.0, using ColdFusion 4 and SQL Server 7. • Co-developed the
 database architecture of WebCoder 2.0 with the Lead Developer. • Wrote specifications for two
 outsourced products. A client FTP service, to automatically send patient information to our server
 from third party Practice Management Systems. And, a Java applet for drawing/editing multi-
layered diagrams of surgeries and internal problems. • Advanced features of ColdFusion 4 used,
 including custom tags, lists, HTTP and email. • Utilization of many SQL Server 7 features, including
 stored procedures, views and diagrams. • Coding in HTML, JavaScript, CSS, Cold Fusion, T-SQL
 and some Visual Basic. • Company acquired by Data Critical Corporation.

Software Design Engineer at Microsoft (Adecco/TAD Technical)
May 1998  -  March 1999  (11 months)

• Worked with Office 2000 team to develop Thai and Vietnamese features for Access 2000. •
 Enabled Thai and Vietnamese text editing in the South Asia version of Access 2000. • Wrote
 development specifications and documentation for South Asia features of Access 2000. • Worked
 with Program Manager on feature specification and clarification of feature requirements. • Fixed
 bugs in Access 2000, a database management tool with over 700k lines of C/C++ code. • C and C
++ used for all coding in a Visual C++ 5/6 environment.

Software Design Engineer in Test at Microsoft (Adecco/TAD Technical)



September 1997  -  April 1998  (8 months)
• Ported/developed test automation scripts in Visual Test 4. • Created a tool that automates
 the task of Thai/English keyboard input (coded in C++ with MFC). • Windows 98 Thai edition
 operating system kernel testing and debugging. • Test planning and manual testing of Windows
 9x Thai features. • Testing Lab Manager, responsible for the support and maintenance of 10 lab
 computers.

Web and Tech Support Team Member at Western Oregon University
October 1996  -  June 1997  (9 months)

• Western Oregon University web site developer (http://www.wou.edu). • Trouble shooting,
 installation of new software/hardware on campus computers. • Helped develop the Online
 Admissions Application, and many other pages. • O'Riley's WebSite Web Server, Cold Fusion, MS
 Access and JavaScript were used.

Education
Western Oregon University
Bachelor of Science, Computer Science, Music Minor, 1995 - 1997
Mt. Hood Community College
Associate of Arts, Computer Science, 1993 - 1995
Activities and Societies:  Phi Theta Kappa, Dean's List

Interests
technology, open source software, swing dancing, snowboarding, traveling



Byron  Stuart
Greater New Orleans Area
Director of Product Development at mumms software

3 people have recommended Byron

"Having worked with Byron at a small start-up, I appreciated Byron's can-do attitude and balancing
of customer and company needs. He was able to be our company's 'expert' in a number of areas as
necessary, and willing to go above and beyond to make things happen."

—Brian  Moran, VP Engineering,  Onehub, Inc.,  managed Byron at Keynote Systems

"Byron absolutely led our small company in developing online medical record software that
eventually helped the company be attractive enough to sell to GE. He is a tireless worker and an
amazing developer. He took ownership of the product and cared enough to make it a great offering.
I would be happy to follow up with any further questions!"

—Sally  Norred, eLearning Enablement Manager,  Apptio,  worked directly with Byron at Data
Critical

"Byron is one of the most knowledgeable and passionate developers I have worked with. Highly
recommended."

—Clif  Johnston, Owner / Publisher,  Apptronica,  worked directly with Byron at Elixis


