
Sigbjørn Hernes Dybdahl 
Born August 22 1982 sigbjorn.dybdahl@gmail.com +33 6 20 07 41 73 11 rue du Moulin des Près, 75013 Paris, France 

 
     Experience  

 
 

January 2014 - 
Present 

 Technical Project Manager, fifty-five, Paris 
 
Managing a team of developers, and specifying and organizing upcoming 
features and milestones. Taking part in developing and deploying in-house 
dashboard solutions and sharing best practices. 
 
Key technologies: Java, Jenkins, SonarQube, Tomcat, Apache, Gradle, Hadoop 
 

  July 2012 - 
December 2013 

 R&D Technical Lead, fifty-five, Paris 
 
Specifying and developing data driven real-time retargeting and 
recommendation services. Extending and improving existing code base for 
new and recurrent clients. 
 
Key technologies: Java, Netty, Mahout, Tomcat, Ant, MySQL, node.js, Ubuntu 
 

  October 2011 - 
June 2012 

 Co-founder and Chief Operating Officer, Travellution, Paris 
 
Designing, implementing and deploying new features and evolutions for the 
primarily open source based social travel planner. Interacting with external 
partners as well as integrating external service providers. 
 
Key technologies: Java, Spring, Hibernate, Tomcat, Maven, MySQL 
 

  May 2011 - 
October 2011 

 Technical Manager, Bull, Les Clayes-sous-Bois 
 
In charge of the technical aspects regarding planning, interconnecting and 
deploying next generation voice messaging systems. Writing technical 
documentation and creating schemas used for validating technical choices. 

 
Key technologies: PHP, Apache, Oracle, Red Hat Linux 
  

  September 2007 
- April 2011 

 Telecommuncation Development Engineer, Bull, Les Clayes-sous-Bois 
 
Development, integration and deployment of service platforms (voice and 
video messaging, directory services) for telecom operators. Design and 
implementation of internal tools for monitoring, supervision and migration. 
 
Key technologies: PHP, Perl, Apache, Oracle, Red Hat Linux, Java, Tomcat, 
LDAP, Solaris 

 
 



 
     Education  2002 - 2007  Norwegian University of Science and Technology, Trondheim, Norway 

 
Master of Science in Communication Technology.  
 
Specialization in digital communication with master thesis on radio resource 
allocation for increased capacity in cellular networks. 
 

  2005 - 2006  Ecole Nationale Supérieure des Télécommunications, Paris, France 
 
Erasmus exchange program, specialization in digital communications. 
 

  2001 - 2002  Mandatory military service, Skjold, Norway 
 
Reconnaissance assistant, mortar platoon. 
 

     Extra 
curricular 
work 

 2004-2005  Treasurer, Abakus, Trondheim, Norway 
 
Treasurer and member of the fraternity board.  
 
Management of the fraternity in close cooperation with president and 
fraternity board. 
 

  2002 - 2004  Industry contact, Abakus, Trondheim, Norway 
 
Member of the industry committee facilitating contact between companies and 
Computer Science and Communication Technology students. 
 

     Other  Languages  Norwegian (mother tongue), French (fluent), English (fluent) 
  Hobbies  Travelling, music, photography 
  Sports  Running, cycling, skiing, golf 

 


