
David LONY
Paris Area, France
Technical Leader at Parrot

Summary
Embedded Developer and Real Time Engineer in a wide variety of critical applications. Particularly
 interested in Operating System concepts, kernel structure and modeling.   I have a significant
 experience with software development for Real-Time Embedded Systems including the use of
 debuggers, emulators, and other similar embedded software development tools.   My colleagues
 could say that I am a perfectionist, I am a persevering person and learn very quickly. I like to work
 hard, learn new things, meet different kind of people and be everyday more open minded. That is
 what I am expecting of my future position.  Spécialisations : Operating Systems, Linux, Real Time,
 Embedded Architecture, Distributed Architecture, Modeling

Experience
Technical Leader at Parrot
March 2011  -  Present  (5 years)

Parrot SA is a French wireless products manufacturer company based in Paris, France. It develops
 products in relationship with entertainment in car. My principal work in Parrot is to lead a team
 responsible of a multi-tuner library which support various radio standards on various architecture. 
 Tasks: Technical Leader of a multi-tuner library (FM/AM, SDARS, DAB, DVB) Develop an Android
 multimedia player based on the Vitamio plugin Integrate new product features. Developments
 relate to the integration of telephony features, Bluetooth profiles, USB / IPOD, voice recognition,
 wireless or internet routing. Solve interfacing problems according with the development of other
 teams Improve software quality by integrating the defined process.  Environment: Linux, Android,
 C/C++ Tools: GCC, GDB, GIT, Redmine, SDARS modulator, VHF/UHF modulator, Analog
 modulator, ADT, USB Analyzer Standards: Radio Data System (RDS), SDARS, SiriusXM, DAB+,
 DVB

Embedded and Real Time Engineer at Bouygues Telecom
March 2010  -  March 2011  (1 year 1 month)

Bouygues Telecom is one of the most popular Internet Service Provider in France and it markets
 a solution based on a gateway and a set-top box. These solutions are based on a Linux kernel
 and a specific hardware. My duties are to write embedded software applications, in C or C++ on
 these platforms. One of my task was for instance the development of an interface between the
 flash player of the set-top box and the audio device driver.  Tasks:  Develop an interface between
 the machblue flash player and the audio driver Install and configure the development environment



 of the relevant teams Ability to work independently or in a small project team Ability to work on
 multi-site product development  Environment: Set-top box, Gateway, Linux  Tools: GCC, GDB,
 Subversion Standards: DLNA, TR-069, PCM

Field Application Engineer at PragmaDev
January 2007  -  December 2008  (2 years)

PragmaDev markets Real Time Developer Studio (RTDS), a tool for UML, SDL and SDL-RT
 modeling. This tool is dedicated to embedded and/or real time systems and allows the rapid
 prototyping of applications on these environments. My role was to promote RTDS, to ensure a
 technical support to the customers and to develop new functionalities. Based on a SDL model,
 RTDS is able to generate the corresponding source code for most of the real-time operating
 systems. I was in charge of this functionality for NUCLEUS, eCos, VxWorks or OSE. Moreover, I
 have participated in the Embedded World show (2007 and 2008) in Nurember and in the System
 Design Language Forum 2007 in Paris which was organized by PragmaDev.    Tasks:  Develop in
 C/C++ the interface between RTDS and the systems calls of various real-time operating systems.
  Develop functionalities of RTDS in Python  Debug the integration of new RTOS with tools like :
 GDB, Tornado  Develop an interface between RTDS and Reqtify from GEENSYS  Build and
 set-up a minimalist Linux kernel on an embedded platform (PC104)   Environment: Windows,
 Linux, Solaris, OSE, VxWorks, NUCLEUS, eCos Tools: Cygwin, GCC, GDB, Subversion, Reqtify,
 Tornado, Python Standards: SDL, SDL-RT, UML, µITRON, POSIX

Embedded Engineer at SAGEM Telecommunication
December 2006  -  January 2007  (2 months)

SAGEM was in charge of the development of different set-top boxes : the Neuf Box, the Alice Box
 and the Livebox. These boxes can be configured via a web interface. Most of the time, these
 interfaces are based on a XSLT transformation. My tasks were to modify and to recompile an XML
 library which was too voluminous for these boxes.   Tasks: Modify the XML library, recompile and
 integrate it (Cross-compilation toolchain)    Environment: Linux 2.4, GCC, GDB Tools: GNU Cross-
compilation toolchain Standards: SIP, XML, XSLT

Engineer developer and consultant at B2i Engineering
November 2005  -  December 2006  (1 year 2 months)

B2i provided an embedded platform to the European project GST (http://www.gstforum.org/). This
 platform is structured around an XScale processor and is based on a Windows CE 4.2 .NET
 system, a CDC JVM and a OSGI framework. My work in the GST team was to develop solutions
 based on JAVA and OSGI technologies. The team had to answer to various partners while bringing
 and integrating solutions to conclude this project. The principal partners were RENAULT, France
 Telecom and TDF while the technologies approached were OMA-DM/DS and DVBH.   Tasks:
 Develop in JAVA J2ME a 16 bits VNC client on a PDA Develop en C/C++ the JNI for the GPS
 driver  Develop in JAVA J2SE a SyncML module  Develop various modules based on OSGI



 framework   Environment: Windows CE 4.2 .NET, Pocket PC 2003, Knopflerfish, JBED, CrEme,
 Prosyst   Tools: Eclipse, eMbedded Visual C++, UML, Maven2, CVS  Standards: OSGI, OMA DM/
DS, J2ME CDC, SyncML, Remote Frame Buffer Protocol

Specialist in Architecture Analysis & Design Language (AADL) at SAGEM Defence and Security
Branch
April 2005  -  September 2005  (6 months)

My internship in SAGEM was in the Research and Development's unit 23. This unit was in charge
 of the development of an embedded system installed on the future A380 aircraft. This system
 supports all the applications of monitoring/maintenance of the plane. SAGEM was planning to
 use AADL (Architecture Analysis and Design Language) because the system is complex and
 needs an exhaustive description and because AIRBUS Industries also uses this language. The
 system is distributed and interconnects several fields with different levels of safety and security.
 Its distribution requires the interconnection via Ethernet of different types of equipments. My
 tasks were to model this system in AADL (hardware/software), to detect inconsistencies in the
 architecture, to study AADL for the avionics domain and to give training to the relevant teams. 
 Tasks: Model in AADL an embedded system for the A380 aircraft Develop a software in Perl and
 XML/XSLT which generates HTML pages based on a AADL model Detect software and hardware
 inconsistencies of embedded systems based on their AADL model   Environment: SUSE 9.1,
 WINDOWS SERVER 2003  Tools: XMLSpy, Xalan, Apache, OSATE, Perl, Graphviz  Standards:
 DO-178B level A, AADL, XSL, XML

Education
Université Pierre et Marie Curie (Paris VI)
Master, Computer Science Systems and Distributed Applications, 2004 - 2005
Université Denis Diderot (Paris VII)
Bachelor Degree, Computer Science; Sciences option Mathematics, 2000 - 2004

Interests
New technology, snorkeling, travelling



David LONY
Paris Area, France
Technical Leader at Parrot

1 person has recommended David

"David is a very dedicated person and never gives up. He's competent, even-tempered and puts a
lot of respect in co-worker relationships. It was a pleasure to work with, and I'll be glad to work with
him again."

—Guillaume Béranger, Android Developer,  happn,  worked directly with David at Parrot


