
Nicolas Janin
Architect and Software Developments Manager at Leosphere

Summary
Software development and team management. Specialties: Java/JEE architecture and software developments,
C++ embedded software
Technical advice and support in software and hardware integration.
Extensive knowledge of best practices in the software industry.

Experience
Manager of Software Developments at Leosphere
June 2012 - Present (2 years 6 months)

I designed the client-server architecture of the software for the R-MAN line of products (LiDAR firmware,
database backed server software for a multi LiDAR network, web based control and supervision GUI), and I
led the software developments until completion. I also supervised the development of the Windsoft line of
software products, as well as the C++ based software platform for the long range scanning LiDARS.
I am responsible for the optimisation of the software architectures in such manner that they can meet strong
real time requirements. I am a technical referent within the company and I supervise a team of 14 software
engineers.

Senior software Engineer at FINAXYS
April 2010 - December 2011 (1 year 9 months)

Consultant at Société Générale Investment Banking. I've worked on the database of exotic products
definitions (back end).

Senior Software Engineer at Atos Worldline
March 2006 - March 2010 (4 years 1 month)

Activity: electronic payment systems

Software design and architecture using UML of systems for online back office and electronic payment.

Design and development in Java/J2EE/Oracle/Tomcat and JBOSS application servers of payment and fidelity
systems.
Design and development in Java of a Complex Events Processor.
Design and development in C of payment terminals.

Support and maintenance software engineer at General Electric Healthcare
January 2005 - April 2006 (1 year 4 months)

Activity: conception and fabrication of a medical images review station

Page1



-Maintenance of a line of medical imagery softwares
-Analysis and correction of dozens of technical issues (DICOM conformance, network and data storage and
communication issues, apps, peripherals) encountered by the Field engineers worldwide. Maintenance and
production of corrective patches in C++.
-Production of documentation in conformance with Food & Drugs Administration requirements,
-Guarantee of conformance of new hardware with functional specifications and DICOM norm,
-Charge evaluation.

Tech.: GNU C++, Linux, Solaris, PostgreSQL, Clearcase, Perl, Shell

Software engineer at Matra BAE Dynamics
June 2004 - December 2004 (7 months)

Activity: missiles

-Conception of a matrix library for ballistic computations
-Rewriting in C++ of target locking algorithms originally written in Fortran. Emphasis on performance and
code robustness. validation by diff with the Fortran results.

Tech: Solaris, C++, Fortran, CVS

Software integrator at EADS
November 2002 - May 2004 (1 year 7 months)

Activity: development of a satellite-photo and georeferencing database

-Software integration and validation
-Development of a background computation system
-Development of specific maintenance tools
-Clearcase administration

Tech: Visual C++, Perl, Oracle, XML, Clearcase

Software engineer at Nortel Networks
January 2002 - October 2002 (10 months)

Activity: development of a 3G BSC

-Development of a system for management of critical faults
-Maintenance of an messagery library.

Tech: Solaris, C++, Purify, Purecov, Clearcase

Software and technical support engineer at Wavecom
January 2000 - January 2002 (2 years 1 month)

Page2



Activity: OEM GSM/GPRS modules

-design of the graphical API, optimized for B&W and color screens, including graphic primitives, animations,
internationalized text and transparency effects
-design of a compression and real-time decompression algorithm for graphic objects
-design of the GUI of a cell phone for the chinese market
-integration of Nokia Smart Messaging

Technical support and consultancy for clients in Northern America up to FCC certification. Principal
customers in automotive, PDAs and cell phones industries.

Tech: C, Windows, Arm 7

Software engineer at Alcatel Business Systems
August 1998 - December 1999 (1 year 5 months)

For a line of GSM cellular phones:

-development and unit testing of several services
-integration testing of security and customization features

Tech: C, Unix, Clearcase

Research engineer at Electricité de France, R&D
April 1998 - August 1998 (5 months)

Technical assistancy on a problem involving a crack in a cooling pipe of a nuclear plant:
-thermodynamic modeling of the cooling circuit
-analysis of data from different plants and comparisons
Results confirmed by other simulations.

Tech: HP-UX, Perl

Languages
French (Native or bilingual proficiency)
English (Full professional proficiency)
German (Elementary proficiency)

Skills & Expertise
UML
C++
C

Page3



Java
Embedded Software
Software Design
Relational Databases
Perl
GSM
Java Enterprise Edition
Python
Project Planning
Project Management
Team Management
CEP
Distributed Systems

Education
Université Paris Sud (Paris XI)
DEA (~M. Sc.), Physics, 1992 - 1997
Activities and Societies: University Choir

The University of Kent
Exchange program, Physics, 1995 - 1996
Activities and Societies: University Chorale, University Theater, Karate team

Lycée Gabriel Fauré
Baccalauréat C, 1982 - 1991

Page4



Nicolas Janin
Architect and Software Developments Manager at Leosphere

Contact Nicolas on LinkedIn

Page5



