
Simon Maller
Paris Area, France
Research engineer in signal processing and machine learning
mallersimon@gmail.com - 33684757734

Summary
4 years experience of research in an innovative start-up specialized in audio technologies for the
music and movie industries.
Expert in speech & music processing with applications to audio source separation.
Projects management ranging from algorithm design to software development.
Expertise in audio quality evaluation and technology benchmarking.

Specialties: statistical signal processing, machine learning, audio analysis, source separation, music
information retrieval.

Experience
Research engineer at Audionamix
September 2009 - February 2014 (4 years 6 months)

Research in audio source separation:
- Time-frequency representations of sound.
- Matrix factorization.
- Speech modeling (voice/music separation, text to audio synchronization).
- Musical instruments acoustic and temporal modeling.
- Real-time source separation (i3DMusic project).
- Co-author of 3 international publications.

Software development:
- Architecture design and development of the core separation engine using Matlab object.
- Software prototyping using Matlab GUI.
- Software development using C++/Qt.

Technology quality management:
- Research in source separation evaluation to derive perceptually relevant objective metrics.
- Architecture design of a global benchmarking environment ensuring the quality of Audionamix
services.
- Designed a decision making process based on listening tests.

Master's thesis at Audionamix
March 2009 - August 2009 (6 months)



Research master's thesis: Voice - Music separation using textual information. The goal was to
develop a sound separation technology that would serve the movie industry in dialog extracting.
Phoneme-level modeling was used to match the phonemes of the movie script, and was integrated
in a matrix factorization framework. The resulting algorithms yielded a robust informed source
separation system.

Intern research assistant in the Analysis-Synthesis team at IRCAM
February 2008 - August 2008 (7 months)

Master of engineering project: "Preserving the timbre quality while applying time-frequency
modifications of a vibrato/tremolo."
Developed algorithms that were integrated in Ircam's phase vocoder software, superVP.
(publication : http://recherche.ircam.fr/pub/dafx11/Papers/91_e.pdf)

Education
Université Pierre et Marie Curie (Paris VI)
Master of Science (M.Sc.), Acoustics, Signal Processing, Computer Science applied to Music
(ATIAM), 2008 - 2009
Ecole Nationale Supérieure d'Informatique et de Mathématiques Appliquées de Grenoble /
ENSIMAG
Master of Engineering (M.Eng.), Computational and Applied Mathematics, 2005 - 2008

Interests
Music and visual programming (Max/MSP, PureData, Processing, ...).



Simon Maller
Paris Area, France
Research engineer in signal processing and machine learning
mallersimon@gmail.com - 33684757734


