
Yves Raimond
San Francisco Bay Area
Research/Engineering Manager - Machine Learning at Netflix (Hiring!)

Summary
(I'm currently hiring - please reach out if you're interested!)  I am currently leading a team of
 researchers and engineers at Netflix, working on improving search and recommendations. I was
 previously a Senior Research Engineer within that same team, working on the research and
 development of a range of algorithms, driving parts of the Netflix homepage, search, and search
 recommendations.   Between 2011 and 2014, I was working as a Lead R&D Engineer at BBC
 Research & Development, primarily working on Semantic Web technologies, data mining and
 machine learning techniques for extracting meaning out of the BBC archive. Between 2008 and
 2011, I was working as a Principal Software Engineer on BBC Programmes. Before October 2008,
 I was a PhD student in the Centre for Digital Music, Queen Mary, University of London. My thesis
 deals with ontology-based knowledge management for music information retrieval systems. I
 graduated in 2005 from the ENST (Ecole Nationale Superieure des Telecommunications), Paris,
 France.

Experience
Research/Engineering Manager - Machine Learning at Netflix
August 2015  -  Present  (4 months)

Leading the Search & Interactive Recommendations Algorithm Engineering team of researchers
 and engineers. We use machine learning and other algorithmic techniques to improve search and
 recommendations on the Netflix product.

Senior Research Engineer at Netflix
September 2014  -  August 2015  (1 year)

 - Worked on R&D of new search and recommendation algorithms, driving parts of the Netflix
 homepage, search, and search recommendations.  - Developed and deployed a new algorithm
 pipeline using Apache Spark for building and evaluating search & recommendation models.

Lead R&D Engineer at BBC R&D
April 2014  -  August 2014  (5 months)

- Leading BBC R&D work on the collaborative ABC-IP (Automated Broadcast Content Interlinking)
 research project, funded by the Technology Strategy Board.  - Working on unlocking large
 multimedia archives using a mixture of automated semantic analysis and crowdsourcing (see
 http://www.bbc.co.uk/blogs/researchanddevelopment/2012/11/the-world-service-archive-



prot.shtml). - Distributed systems for processing very large multimedia archives.  - Automated topic
 tagging from audio. - Fast speech/music segmentation. - Automated speaker segmentation and
 recognition.  - Topic identification from live streams. - Technology transfer with production teams. -
 Publishing and giving talks internationally (academia and industry events).

Senior R&D Engineer at BBC
August 2011  -  April 2014  (2 years 9 months)

Principal Software Engineer at BBC
November 2010  -  August 2011  (10 months)

- Principal Software Engineer for a team of six developers on the BBC Programmes project,
 providing automated online programme support for all BBC programmes. - Leading development
 on a large scale web site, serving above two million unique users a week and 150 requests per
 second. - Agile project management process. - Managed the transition of BBC Programmes to
 the new BBC Forge platform. - Involved in pan-department strategic discussions on architectural
 and software engineering issues. - Enforcing good software engineering practices, e.g. continuous
 integration, test-driven and behaviour-driven development. - First Linked Data web site, providing
 machine-readable views of all pages, launched by a large organisation.

Senior Software Engineer at BBC
January 2010  -  November 2010  (11 months)

Software Engineer, Audio & Music at BBC
October 2008  -  January 2010  (1 year 4 months)

Researcher at Center for Digital Music, Queen Mary University of London
October 2005  -  September 2008  (3 years)

PhD under the supervision of Prof. Mark Sandler and Prof. Mounia Lalmas. My dissertation is
 entitled "A Distributed Music Information System" and develops a Semantic Web framework to
 distribute music-related information, from complex editorial meta-data to the results of automatic
 content analysis. My dissertation is available at http://raimond.me.uk/phd/.

Education
Ecole nationale supérieure des Télécommunications
Engineer's degree, Artificial Intelligence, Signal Processing, Software Engineering, 2002 - 2005

Interests
machine learning, semantic web, media & music, linked data, ontologies, traveling, cinema



Yves Raimond
San Francisco Bay Area
Research/Engineering Manager - Machine Learning at Netflix (Hiring!)

1 person has recommended Yves

"I worked with Yves at the Centre for Digital Music, developing new musical applications of
semantic web technologies. At the outset I had some reserved optimism about the semantic
web, but it was Yves whose inspiring example resulted in my spending a year working with the
technologies. It's rare to find someone with deep-seated enthusiasm for a technology who can
steer clear of excessive evangelism, and without fail backs up their claims with evidence and
well thought-out explanations. Yves has a real passion for music and linked data, but is in fact
somebody who would do a first-rate job of any project he set his mind to. Yves Raimond is a
consummate professional, a talented researcher, and one of the most friendly, intelligent and
passionate people I have ever had the privilege to work with."

—Christopher Sutton, Director,  Easy Ear Training Ltd.,  worked directly with Yves at Center for
Digital Music, Queen Mary University of London

Profile Notes and Activity (3)
10/30/2015—View by Raluca Jamault-Otelea

11/2/2015—View by Clémentine Daines

11/2/2015—InMail sent by Clémentine Daines (Pending)


